# Python-challenge
## Assignment description
In this task I have been given two Python challenges, PyBank and PyPoll, for which I can use my newly learnt python skills.
### PyBank
In this Challenge, you are tasked with creating a Python script to analyse the financial records of your company. You will be given a financial dataset called budget_data.csv. The dataset is composed of two columns: "Date" and "Profit/Losses".

Your task is to create a Python script that analyses the records to calculate each of the following values:
The total number of months included in the dataset
The net total amount of "Profit/Losses" over the entire period
The changes in "Profit/Losses" over the entire period, and then the average of those changes
The greatest increase in profits (date and amount) over the entire period
The greatest decrease in profits (date and amount) over the entire period
In addition, your final script should both print the analysis to the terminal and export a text file with the results.

### PyPoll
In this Challenge, you are tasked with helping a small, rural U.S. town modernise its vote-counting process.

You will be given a set of poll data called election_data.csv. The dataset is composed of three columns: "Voter ID", "County", and "Candidate". Your task is to create a Python script that analyzes the votes and calculates each of the following values:
The total number of votes cast
A complete list of candidates who received votes
The percentage of votes each candidate won
The total number of votes each candidate won
The winner of the election based on popular vote
In addition, your final script should both print the analysis to the terminal and export a text file with the results.

## Challenege results
PyBank Result:
Financial Analysis
----------------------------
total months: 86
Total: $22564198
Average Change: -8311.11
Greatest Increase in Profits: Aug-16 ($1862002)
Greatest Decrease in Profits: Feb-14 ($-1825558)

PyPoll
Election Results
----------------------------
Total Votes: 369,711
----------------------------
Charles Casper Stockham: 23.0% (85,213)
Diana DeGette: 73.8% (272,892)
Raymon Anthony Doane: 3.1% (11,606)
-------------------------
Winner: Diana DeGette
-------------------------
## Install and use
 Data source: UWA analystics bootcamp
 Software: Data given as CSV file, run in Python 3 and using Visual Studio Code 1.84.2
The results summary is stored as a text file.
## References
Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.
 
